Hello Denver, Colorado, you lucky, lucky sons of bitches, Parment Town is in session.
I'm sorry about that sons of bitches thing, you guys seem pretty nice.
Welcome to the stage, won't you please, the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, Denver Town, City on a mountain, Pussies blowing, sorry, Pussies like found, sorry.
Pussies like a river, I'm an orgasm giver, sorry, I've already been getting pretty gross, sorry about that Denver, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, pussy, sorry, alright.
I fucked your mama.
Wow, you came right out the gate.
I said, I said, I said city on a mountain because I was thinking about the elevation here.
Right.
And then it was like fountain, rhymes with mountain.
And then, and then it was like, but the unfortunate dot connection between pussy and fountain and that makes you think of all kinds of weird stuff.
I don't want, I don't want it to be that kind of show.
I'm worried about you, if you could do a lot of rap, I mean, I want you to do a lot of rapping tonight, I want you to do your little toddler dance, but at this elevation.
It is, yeah, I wonder if there's a thing here, I want to, you know, we're exactly a mile above sea level.
Exactly.
Exactly a mile above sea level.
5,280 feet, or your money back.
And I swear, last time I was in Denver, yeah, I could feel the effects of it, being at this altitude.
I think I'm going to die because I'm going to be dancing around.
You're not going to die, you're just going to pass out.
And the audience will be concerned.
You're not, are you here by yourself?
Oh, what's your name?
I don't want to pick on you.
My name's Ryan.
Is anybody else alone?
You are?
We got three down front.
Oh, really?
Well, that seems like a shitty seat, do you want to sit at Ryan's table?
Hey, it's called Harvintown, not Denver Improv Town.
They can absolutely suck it.
Yeah, they can't really, yeah.
What's your name, sir?
I'll pay them a lot of money, I'll write them a check for you.
You want to sit there or sit there?
I said we got Drew, Drew just moved down from, we're rearranging, so now Drew and Ryan are sitting together.
All right, and then that guy that looks exactly like Stephen Schraub, that's his brother.
Okay, wow, Ryan, I hope you wanted the company because now...
Yeah.
A table of one is a table for four now, I love that.
And a finder's fee?
Cheese stick snuffer.
Oh, he's a cheese stick snuffer.
He's a cheese, a cheese stick snuffer.
You grab a hold of your cheese sticks.
He's like no other.
He'll sit for people down to eat their cheese.
He's the kind of guy that loves cheese.
Loves it right between knees.
It's dumb, stupid.
And not legally clearable, neither.
No, I don't think anybody would sue you for doing that to that song.
All right, what are the names here we got?
I'm Stephen.
Stephen.
Drew.
Adam.
Try to remember that.
Could one of you be named Dan Thoreau or something?
Stephen, Drew, Ryan, Adam, right?
All right, the Council of Doom.
Yeah.
That is going to make it hard for me to get out there and work the crowd.
And if there's a fire, we're all going to die.
Stephen, you sitting this close to the stage is going to be some hot beard on beard action
when Spencer comes out.
Let's get these beards together right now.
All right.
Beard on beard.
What's his name?
God damn it.
Stephen.
Drew.
Andrew.
John.
Steve.
Ryan.
John.
Jason.
Adam.
Bob.
And Tim.
Jess, we need more creative parents in this world.
Speaking as a Dan, we got to...
How about Jeffrey Brian Davis?
That's pretty white.
God damn it.
I wish people's names were like...
Yeah, I mean, I've said this before.
I want...
You should have...
For the first 11 years of your life, you should just be called kid.
Because who gives a shit about you?
Like, what do you know?
You don't know nothing.
It's just kid.
It's kid number eight, kid number nine.
And then on your 12th birthday, you should either pick your name
or have everybody give you a name.
It's like, if you're an asshole, your name should be asshole.
Or if you're like, in the eagles, they could call you eagle, you know?
I care.
I just wanted to be specific.
What if you're in the eagles' assholes?
Yeah, exactly.
Then you're in the asshole.
That's exactly...
I want to...
We got to fix society, Jeff.
We got to go to the moon and we got to call it.
I think your natural instinct, there was a man sitting here alone
and we found out that there's lots of singles here tonight.
But it's not a surprise with my crowd.
It's not a couple's show.
I guess I'd be more surprised if there was lots of single ladies here.
Yeah, that would be a weird thing.
Woo!
Bachelorette party!
Yeah.
My beard is getting really long on the road
and so it's absorbing a lot of vodka.
I don't know what to talk about and what not to talk about.
We'll edit it out if it's not fruitful.
But really, save it for later.
You mean the topic or the vodka?
You mean the vodka.
It's one of the ladies that came here to hook up.
Okay, so John, Jake, Ryan, Tim, Steve.
You got Steve right through.
Andrew and Bob.
Okay.
Adam.
Alright, we'll have you guys up later.
Jeff, you're back.
You were gone for two episodes.
Thank you very much.
I had to leave Harmontown sadly.
It was weird to be away from you guys for two days.
I went and joined Ryan Stiles and Greg Proups and Joel Murray in the Northwest
and we did three shows.
You guys had a day off.
You guys went to the shittiest places in the world.
I leave the group for two days and they are at Dave and Buster's.
It's possible that you may be the force that brings us to more exquisite places,
but it's also possible that in Kansas City, the hotel was next to one of these malls
where there's just like a dinosaur restaurant and the stand-up club we're performing at.
And it was like Dave Coulier's there on Wednesday and J.J. Walker's there on Friday.
And then it said like John Davis and Dan Harmon in their nationally televised podcast,
you could be in the show. That's what it said.
I didn't know that we were televised this.
We are safely away from Kansas City and the people that came to that show,
the 60 Harmonians in that audience, I want to say I love you very much,
but that club sucks.
That was bad news.
It was like being in a driver's ed class like in the back of a mall.
It was not made for us.
It was not made for our people.
It did show up or bummed out.
I think it affects me.
I don't know.
Do you think I'm having a good show right now?
We're not talking about anything.
What am I doing?
Let's make with the entertainment.
Entertainment section.
She's about to entertain your balls off right now.
Welcome to the entertainment section.
I booked your mama obvious right of erection.
I booked her instant a day in last week.
I booked her mama so hard.
I went to Widow's Peak.
It's a special place.
Nick Nolte lives there.
It's named after him because of his hair.
His hair is a Widow's Peak.
I don't need to explain myself.
See you next week.
I booked your mama in a hill in a valley.
I booked your mama until her name was Sally.
Fourth right.
Wasn't that a comic?
I booked your mama on a comic.
I booked your mama in Denver.
I booked your mama and she doesn't remember.
It's not my fault.
That wasn't great.
I didn't put anything in her drink.
It was great.
She had a good time.
Her damn ninja was brought on by my dick.
Whoa, my dick.
The altitude, Jeff, is...
I can't rap at this altitude.
Don't blame the altitude.
Don't blame the cheese dick.
We're going to be a mile above sea level right now.
We are exactly, exactly one mile above sea level.
This is the place to be when the polar ice caps melt.
This is going to be the last place.
This is dry land, right?
This is where the...
Oh, fuck, this altitude.
You know who's really good at rapping?
I mean, a lot of people.
A lot of professional people.
Dr. Dre.
Spencer.
We found out on the bus last night.
Do we get Spencer up here?
Spencer.
He's very concerned about being put on the spot
about his rapping.
But the truth is, in...
Spencer, everybody.
Spencer Clinton.
The dungeon master.
I don't know if you guys are avid podcast listeners.
I assume you bought tickets on that side.
You may recall that back in Los Angeles,
when we decided to bring...
That's Raquel.
Make sure you tip her.
And I don't know everyone's name,
but I thought that would be impressive if I did that.
What's your name right there?
What's your name?
Maria.
Yeah, don't tip her.
Yeah, don't.
She's working...
No, she's working the same tables as Raquel.
Raquel doesn't know why she's here.
Never met her in her life.
She's just following Raquel around.
Taking drinks away that Raquel puts down.
Maria was fired from this place 15 years ago.
Yeah, Maria.
Some say she died here.
From a certain angle,
you can still see her haunting other waitresses.
Yeah, there's a photo of Damarera on the wall
and Maria's in the background,
which is weird because Damarera was famous in the 20s.
Shining.
So Dan...
Wait, what was I talking about?
Well, I'll get you back on check.
I went away for a while.
I haven't heard Minneapolis,
because I didn't get a chance to listen to it.
And Kansas City hasn't dropped yet,
so I haven't heard that one either.
So I don't really know what went on.
I heard that you had the basic upshot with the shows
where Spencer filled me in on the D&D campaign.
But story structure-wise,
there's a thing that you put on Tumblr
about the fact that you felt like,
if you're the hero of the story,
the fact that you haven't changed at all.
Did you discuss this in the show?
I talked about it a little bit.
It was Kansas City, kind of, right over their heads.
This isn't the time to talk about it.
Nothing gets over the heads in Denver.
They're a mile above sea level.
You did this really fascinating little video on Tumblr.
It was amazing, because you didn't edit it.
You didn't stutter once.
It was really good.
Second take.
That's nice of you to be honest about that.
The altitude.
What is that?
Are you like John Herd and Alien?
How are your two days off-planet?
It was great. Let's have some more breakfast.
Let's have some more breakfast.
So, you're saying story structure-wise,
if you're the hero of this tour that you're going on,
the fact that you haven't changed
probably makes you the villain.
Possibly, yeah.
Possibly makes you the villain.
It certainly makes me at least an extra,
or a horse.
But Spencer released this beautifully written blog
about his awakening,
or his really self-examination.
He's on a journey.
He's meeting the outside world.
He's coming to grips with other people
and what that means about him.
Spencer learned on this journey
that everyone in the world could be into him.
No one would ever understand him.
I'm not putting words into it.
That sounds pretentious, putting words into his mouth like that.
But that's, like, learned.
Is that about right, Spencer?
I wouldn't phrase it that way.
No, it would make you sound like a dick, yeah.
But you got to a point where it's like,
people were throwing the equivalent of panties at you.
That was a wool cap.
There were dudes throwing wool caps at you.
That's as close as this crowd's going to get to throwing panties.
This crowd is a practical crowd.
If they have panties, they're using them.
A hipster threw his wool cap at you and said,
I don't need this anymore.
You take it.
And then, even though that seems like a thing,
it's like, oh, I would like that.
I would like to be able to push a button
and feel what it's like to feel everyone liking me,
everyone appreciating me, everyone accepting me.
And you said in your blog entry to paraphrase you,
to extrapolate what you were saying,
that the rival at that goal actually led you to the realization
that there will still never be a certain connection
between you and other people.
You could be alone for the rest of your life, Spencer.
I will be. I mean, that's a given.
So this motherfuckers on a journey.
I'm just a fat guy on a bus.
So we're going to find out that he's the hero of this.
And that makes me like Jafar.
I didn't mean to say it like Christopher Walken, but...
It's Jafar.
That makes me like Jafar.
To his Aladdin.
My story circle is crystal ball.
But now you're doing Jimmy Stewart.
Well, I'm also Bane from Batman.
Many people talk like this.
Jafar.
Jimmy Stewart.
Garrison Keeler.
Bane.
So while I was away...
Christopher Walken.
Bill Clinton.
Don Knuts.
Can we hear...
Look at the Popeye.
Can we hear your Don Knuts?
Well, Michael...
No, Bill Clinton.
I think you should run for president.
No, thank you.
I don't have relations with a woman.
I'm Don Knuts.
No, Bill Clinton.
Bill Clinton, please.
Can you get a little Bill Cosby in there?
Oh, what are you two talking about over here?
Why got Don Knuts and Bill Clinton talking to me?
Well, I'm not talking to you, man.
I'm talking to Bill Clinton.
I'm not talking to you either.
Can we get him a kiss?
Oh, Gabby Hayes just walked in.
Well, Michael, I'm Bill Clinton.
I'm Gabby Hayes.
I'm Don Knuts.
I'm Bill Cosby.
No, no, no, no.
Don't embarrass yourselves.
It was not full applause.
There's giant pockets of no applause.
And those people are heroes.
There's people who are like, no, no.
Swing it amiss.
There will be times when I will appreciate effort from you,
when I will need it.
But there are also times when I need to be punished.
So if you feel like story structure-wise,
because we obsessed over this,
that last night was some sort of death
because of the room you're in and the whole thing,
because you also found out on the tour bus
driving here overnight that...
Spencer can rap better than you.
Yeah.
That's not true.
Well, that's spoken like a hero.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Don't turn around.
Yeah.
Just behind you, always behind you.
No matter where you look,
I'm always gonna be behind you.
He just took his dick out.
He just bit his ass right there.
I'm gonna find you flicking in the trees.
I'm gonna find you.
What's your name?
Jason.
I fucked your mama so hard, her pussy started to hasten.
Say, it got really fast.
I fucked your mama so hard,
the pussy started to blast out from the tarmac in space.
I fucked your mama regardless of her race.
She's bi-racial.
I fucked your mama.
It was spatial relations that I needed.
I put my dick down and she heated the call
to adventure of my wiener.
She came to it and said,
this looks cleaner than bacon.
I put it on her plate.
I fucked your mama hard because I'm not about hate.
Yo, come on down to Harmontown.
Turn that frown upside down.
Diversity.
He is yellow poop is brown.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Yo, I'm gonna do another verse so that Spencer can do one
that couldn't be worse.
Lower the bar and talk to my people.
What's your name?
Andy.
Steeple.
See how that works?
Didn't matter what his name was.
I'm a fucking jerk.
I just wrapped a work in the crowd.
Gonna eat your fry.
Gonna tan out loud.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn that frown upside down.
He is yellow poop is brown.
Denver.
Come on down to Harmontown.
You know, I'm Spencer.
I'm the Dungeon Master.
If you mess with me, it's gonna be a huge disaster
because I'm six foot four and I pack a bunch.
But bitch, don't be asking what I had for lunch
because I'll tie you up with ropes and chains.
And when we play in D&D, you know I hold the reins
because with a lightning bolt or a fireball,
you best roll a climb check before you climb that wall.
Oh shit.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn that frown upside down.
Hero.
He is yellow poop is brown.
Death.
Come on down to Harmontown.
As I get older, my brain starts to sag.
I look over at Spencer and turn into a dish rag.
I'm melting to the earth and my brain doesn't work.
I trimmer the thing with the steeple
and then I said I was a jerk.
It doesn't matter if you have to say it.
It doesn't matter how much you admit.
It doesn't change it.
I'm weak.
My synapses get farther apart
and every time I open my lips,
what comes out is a mental fart.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Turn that frown upside down.
Old.
He is yellow poop is brown.
Death.
Come on down to Harmontown.
I'll take the mic.
I'll get the mic bow.
Wait, let me see if I can put things back on track.
I said I'm Spencer.
I'm a dungeon master
and you can hear me preach.
But man, I ain't no pastor.
If you try and keep up, man, I will run faster.
It comes along last and I'm the long laster.
I can't get it all with my master plaster.
I can't think of another thing that rhymes with Aster.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Spencer, turn that frown upside down.
Roll.
He is yellow poop is brown.
Hit point.
Come on down to Harmontown.
I'm a class in the skies from the sky.
I wanna swing my sword,
but I don't know why.
I got a beard the length of the whole Mississippi.
Fuck your mama so hard that her pussy got drippy.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry about my shit.
I'm misogynist and I go to weird places
when I start to throw up it.
I can't do anything else.
I'm infantile and I just put the long on a really old shelf.
Got fired from NBC.
Came out on the road said,
hey, look at me.
It's $20 a ticket.
Don't know why.
Don't have an attitude.
I'm just a guy.
I'm just a big fat asshole.
Taking your cheese sticks.
Talking about your mama loving my dick.
Come down to Harmontown.
Turn that frown upside down.
Rap.
He is yellow poop is brown.
Raymond.
Come down to Harmontown.
Shit.
Oh yeah, shit.
I didn't know I was gonna have to rap now,
but I will because I was on the road
and I tried to kill the audience
and I was away in Seattle.
But now there's a rap battle.
And I know that Spencer is the man
who cries the taller in the saddle.
He sits high, his beard's a little hanging low.
Dan's up there.
How long you last?
I don't know.
The altitude's so high.
He's a kind of overweight guy.
He had so much cattle's bark in last days.
I think he might die.
Oh, come on down to Harmontown.
Pink pop.
Shit.
Chipped up.
Down to Harmontown.
Slip slop down to Harmontown.
Yeah, that's fucking how you do it.
That was nice.
Good job, Spencer.
Thanks, guys.
Thanks.
You broke your cherry, Spencer.
You broke your cherry.
You did good.
That's a reference over my head.
We're just...
It's not really a reference.
I had a good fella say,
you broke your cherry.
It was $500.
You got pinched and you didn't have shimla boots.
You didn't shimla boots.
Yes.
You didn't have shimla boots.
Oh, shit.
No, no, no, sorry.
Wow.
I don't know what it is about this.
It's the altitude.
Is that the altitude?
It is the altitude.
It's your elation that I'm back with you.
That's true.
I'm very glad to have you back.
I thought Aaron did a great job.
And like Minneapolis, I put up and edited it
because it was a very fun show.
Morton all...
There was some asshole in the crowd that was like,
I hate your relationship.
It's boring.
And then we attacked him.
Like, I found myself...
I listened to the recording.
I was like, okay, here's the mistakes I made.
This guy piped up in the audience
and instead of saying what I always say,
which is, oh, hey, you have something to say.
Do you want to come up and talk to us?
Would you be willing to come up and talk to us
if we don't bully anybody?
You hear in that recording,
I'm just like, get up here, you fucking asshole.
It just turned into this thing.
We hit this weird rock bottom thing
where it was like, and then people were just yelling out,
like, fuck you, fuck potatoes.
And we go, what'd you say?
I said, fuck potatoes.
All right, fuck potatoes, come up here.
Why'd you say fuck potatoes?
Because I wanted to be on stage.
And then I just got mad.
And I fucking...
I shut the whole thing down.
I fucking...
Axl, Axl, Axl rose it.
I threw a camera and I put my wiener in a shoe
and then I took the shoe and I...
It weren't like a hat, but my wiener was still in it.
So it wasn't disconnected.
It was like stretched.
And then I...
You Axl rose it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I held the top of the hat
and I played my own thread-stretched penis
like a banjo.
Like a gun bucket.
A lot of people certainly don't know what I mean
when I say Axl rose.
I just need to clarify.
That's what I did.
I made a cigar box guitar out of my own dick.
You're describing an Axl rose.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, I know, but there's a lot good
40% of the people here don't know what that means.
I made a weird southern instrument
out of my mutilated penis.
And blamed security.
We're in the home stretch.
I feel weird, Jeff.
I don't know what to...
It's the altitude.
I understand.
All right.
Well, should we...
Jeff, can you...
Energy...
Can you control me?
I'll try, man.
Just help me out.
I can't look at them.
Well, I think, you know,
there's a moment like...
I left for a while
and it was very strange
and now I came back
and I was like, I missed you guys
and something happened to us.
We only have a few days left
and we're going back
to some of my favorite cities.
I'm like, well, not Salt Lake.
You know, Salt Lake.
It's the Paris of salty lakes.
I mean, honestly,
if you're going to have salt,
like, don't put a lake there
and vice versa.
Like, you know, we've heard it before.
It just seems like a dumb place
to have salt.
It's a lake.
It's going to be cold as hell there, right?
Really.
I want to go out to the Salt Lake Flats
and reenact every Playboy video
I've ever seen growing up.
It seemed like they were always out in this,
like, these flats.
Like, every Playboy,
Playmate, like, video,
like, centerfold would involve,
like, they'd just be naked out
in the salt flats.
No?
I'm not familiar with that one.
All right.
Well, then I'm eating another one
of Toby's Cheessticks.
His name's Adam.
We should have thought of that
before we were going to Cheessticks.
So, probably a few days ago,
certainly, as of Denver, Colorado,
the diet is just out the goddamn window.
Oh, yeah, for sure.
Let's go.
Do you think you've gained
this significant amount of weight
in this trip?
Yeah, I'm Vince Morning.
I can't stop myself, Joe.
I came back to the hotel
and I ran into Dustin Marshall.
Also, Dustin Marshall,
our podcast producer is back there.
He's a good kid.
Largely unsung, I think.
He dwells in the shadows,
but he's the reason why
you guys get to hear this
almost every night,
and it's his hard work.
So, thank you, Dustin.
Yeah, he's a good dude.
He's just been smashing pussy on this trip.
I'm kidding, I'm joking.
He's into dudes.
But I ran into him.
He's like, oh, I'm going to Dan and Aaron's
hotel room right now
and they're going to do
this feels terrible podcast.
We want to stop by and say,
hey, I'm going to pop in there.
You guys have been there just today, right?
Yeah.
It looked like a fucking city dump
in there, man.
There was shit everywhere.
There was just food.
You guys really got it on today.
Well, it's just, you know,
I was recuperating from this
like late night party bus thing
that we did.
It doesn't matter.
Whatever.
We're ayahuasca, right?
Oh, God, yeah.
Dustin's uploading videos
where I'm like doing rape raps
and stuff like...
You guys didn't ayahuasca last night?
No, no.
So, a guy gave us a jar
if you're listening in customs.
A guy gave us a jar of...
Or just the police.
Just the regular police also.
Okay.
Or just like an Amazon tribe
if you want to murder us.
Any number of criminals?
If you're a talking jaguar,
you might be interested in this.
Oh, now they're all
be able to talk to us.
A fan of ours in...
Where were we?
I don't know.
Wasn't there?
It was Madison.
Madison.
No, it was...
It wasn't...
It was Madison.
Okay, thank you.
We were in Madison
and a fan of ours
who had come all the way up from
somewhere south of the Chattahoochee.
Iowa, I think.
Right.
He brought a jar of...
He just went up to the boom mic operator,
the sound guy on the documentary.
He didn't give it to me.
He didn't give it to...
He just gave him a jar of black tar
and said, that's ayahuasca.
It's not really ayahuasca, though.
It might just be coke.
Like the beverage.
It's dark brown.
Well, it looks like it could be, yeah.
Wait, so he gave you a jar of hallucinogens?
Supposedly.
I mean, Brandon, our sound guy,
is the stony-as-looking member of our group.
Yeah.
Brandon, where are you at?
Show yourself, Brandon.
I don't know if you guys saw the photo
of him doing karaoke wherever we were
and he had to hit his whole
all of his mic.
He can do it.
He does a mean beatbox.
Brandon, get up here, beatbox time.
The audience is lukewarm.
Okay, so just more rapping.
All right.
I thought you would talk about masturbating more.
Brandon Lilius.
For his debut on stage,
I'm not mistaken, right?
This sounds made up,
but this sounds absolutely made up.
Brandon is a fourth-generation sound engineer.
Wait, doesn't that predate sound?
Well, that's the thing.
This sounds absolutely made up.
His great-grandfather did sound
on the jazz singer.
Yeah.
Was that him?
And not the Neil Diamond one.
But there was actually a movie
before the Jazz Singer.
Jazz Singer was the first talking,
but there was sound in a movie
previous to that that you're doing.
Don Juan, yeah.
Basically, they had sound.
They recorded the soundtrack for Don Juan,
which is music, which at the time,
having actor talk was very controversial.
So, yeah.
It sounds made up, right?
Like it's a sociopath.
Oh, yeah.
I'm not just a boom operator.
I'm actually part of a low lineage of people who...
Oh, my old...
Biff Tannen started holding a boom mic
when it was just a stick and a rock
that you caveman talked into.
Yeah, it was a shell and a pelican over there.
It's a living, but...
If he's lying, he's busted now.
When did you find this out when I was away?
Yeah, man.
Dude, we grew together.
Fucking hell.
I'm so jealous.
All that time you spend taking us to places
that aren't dinosaur bars...
You can use that to grow as a human being.
I'm shallow.
I don't deny that,
but you've got to be really connecting out there.
You're a foodie.
We became a humanie.
Not a foodie.
We're a peopleie.
I'm not a foodie because I hate that word.
I'm more of a wordie.
A beatboxin' like his mouth is a turd.
It's got a big sound coming out of his mouth.
I got a random on the beatbox going down south.
Got a mountaintop on Denver.
Got a beatbox...
Sorry, I'm listening to him.
Okay, hold on.
It's meant to take it.
Beatbox, beatbox, beatbox.
Go.
I'm talking into the mic stand.
Now I got on mic, so let's see how this will land.
I don't even know what else I could say.
You just kinda gave it to me in a half-assed way
and expected me to start rapping for all of y'all.
I don't even know what I'm havin' a ball.
It's a really great time on Harmontown,
and everybody knows I'm standin' here
throwin' it down while I'm sittin'.
Dice roll, it's Spencer.
Yo, pushy roll, it's Spencer.
Got the Spencer on the mic.
Got the Spencer on the rug.
Fucked your mama so hard that she thought I was a bug.
She said, my pussy's so big, you're so small.
Fucked your mama so hard she looked like she had a ball.
She was in a room with a chandelier.
I gave her two balls and a dick and said, here.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
Guy with a beard's gonna do a little rap now.
Okay, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, yo, no, dance break.
No.
All right.
Brandon Williams.
It's an all.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, Brandon.
It's fantastic.
It's funny, because his job is to capture sound,
and he's a giant with a booming voice that has a great beatbox.
He really is enormous.
Yeah.
And loud.
He's supposed to capture sound, but he creates so much more than he captures.
Even more than he captures.
It makes him sound like a bad sound guy.
The ghost of his great-grandfather's gonna haunt him,
and it's gonna say, crisp, clean,
like, no, there will be no clipping.
There will be no plosives.
It's my grandpa, the guy that invented the Dixie Cup and the string.
Jeff, how do we make people love each other?
Turn the lights down real low.
I think what you do is be honest.
You expose yourself, and that allows other people to release themselves out there, too.
Alternate pitch.
Sports Corner!
Hello, Denver Colorado Sports Corner.
Kevin Asher with your host, Dan Harmon.
He loves sports, especially local team.
His knowledge of local sports teams and statistics will blow your mind.
Drop to your lives, Fat Tire.
Fat Tire Bear, get your club done.
That's it for Sports Corner. Thanks for being with us.
Hey, Dan.
Yeah, Jeff.
Denver, Colorado.
Holy shit, what a season.
Yeah, what a season.
You said it was your first time at Mile High Stadium. What did you take away from that experience?
If there's ever been an alter to the grace that is the America's favorite sport, it is Mile High Stadium.
You can feel the fans there. You can feel that they're getting what they want and wanting what they get.
You can sense just even when the place is empty, I go down there with my daughter every fall.
This is the stadium that God built for this sport and this sport alone.
I don't mean to change sports, but what do you think is the most important role on the Colorado Rockies?
The most important position on the Rockies?
Definitely the top position.
The most significant player and role position.
Yeah, the highest one.
The most significant on the field.
Tyler who plays Perry.
He'll be playing Perry next season, but Tyler is on top now.
Do you think the Rockies can be built after the last season?
I think the Rockies are in the down slide, but that can be a precursor to an upswing.
I believe that as my grandpa used to say in Uncle Homo back when we used to watch the Nuggets.
Uncle Homo?
I thought you called your grandpa Uncle Homo.
I'm from Wisconsin, Jeff, where grandpa's are known as Uncle Homo's.
It's like a Mima or a Pop Pop.
In Wisconsin we called our grandpa's Uncle Homo's.
I understand that's an offensive phrase, but hey.
I guess what I'm trying to say is what sport do the Rockies play?
The America's favorite?
Which is?
They play football, man. They play football.
They play football.
Basketball.
Yeah, you're right.
They play basketball.
Who are you quizzing me? I'm the sports guy.
Those Nuggets got to get out there, like front and center, or the Rockies are going to take it.
Are you saying that the Denver Nuggets are doing so poorly that the Colorado Rockies might move in on their actions?
Stranger things have happened, Jeff, with the wild card system and going into second procedurals.
We've got a second tertiary format here, a 7-10 split, veritably speaking.
In the all conference, if you go to all stars and then you come down to the single individuals,
then what we're talking about is a potential Nuggets coup over the Rockies in the spring semester,
or it's not a 40-point spread.
They agree. They seem to agree.
I mean, the sports news cycle, we've heard so much about it, but you know more than anybody.
When do you think that this NHL lockout is going to end?
I've got Jeff, if I've said it once, I've said it a thousand times. Yardage.
What's going on?
That's pretty good.
I can't tell the difference between Grey Goose and Kettle One, but I can tell the difference between Sirach,
Snap Frost, the venue doesn't have it.
Kettle One had a chance to be our sponsor.
They have Grey Goose. Grey Goose is great.
Goose.
But it's fine. Vodka's vodka, honestly, kids.
You know what breaks my heart, Jeff, is when the kids don't know they're vodka?
Yeah.
We play these venues under 21-plus or 18-plus, 21 or whatever they are,
and they're signing things after the show.
Every once in a while, like two people my age will come up to me and go,
Eric, can you sign us for our daughter, Ariel? She's 16, she's now allowed to come to the show.
And I go, well, are you, Jesus Christ, you guys, do you want to cause another fight?
Yes.
I'm sorry I picked that name, but they go, she can't come tonight.
Because her ponytails are too red and bouncy.
She had volleyball practice.
My point, Jeff, is that sometimes, every third city, like a set of parents will come up to me,
one or more parents who aren't even fans of the show, don't even care,
so who sit for two hours and listen to me talk about Dexon Balls and rapping and Dungeons and Dragons,
and they're only here just to get a signature for their underage child.
It really, like, pumps me out.
And I'm like, did you have a good time? And they're like, you're great, you're great.
Just, her name's Rachel and can't wait to drive this back to Omaha.
Like, that's fucked up.
Best parents, first of all, they deserve better than two hours of me.
Best kid in the world, I don't know. What do you do there, Jeff? What do you do?
Do you sing a song?
No, no, I'm kidding.
I think you sing a song.
Let's meet some people from our audience, Jeff.
I'm spraying, my mustache is, I'm spraying vodka all over everyone.
You've eaten all the cheese sticks, so that doesn't matter.
There's one left. You want to get that?
There's two left.
Thank you, Ariel.
Jeff, I'm going to die.
You're not putting up much of a fight.
I'm going to die, Jeff.
There was 18 pizza boxes in that room today.
Dan, you're beautiful. You're beautiful.
People like you.
They deserve to be loved.
Dan, Kansas City was a fluke.
The guy wasn't there. The room was bad.
They had so many nachos.
I got to get back on my diet, Jeff.
I'm verging on acryte.
I'm going to be acryte by Portland.
He got pretty large.
Acryte got inexplicably large.
He'd be into how weird it is, how large he got.
He'd be like, oh, it's a mystery.
Crystal Skull made me so fat.
I told you once that I somehow,
after an after-after-after party,
ended up at Dan Ackroyd's house,
and he was as big as a poor person's house.
But fortunately, he had a huge mansion,
where houses fit inside it.
There were poor people living in him.
Hey, keep it down out there.
We're trying to write our version of Ghostbusters.
But it was like 3 or 4 a.m.,
and he just made a pizza.
He took a Dijonno out of the freezer and put it in the oven.
He just shook his shirt out.
Balladone came out.
He put the ear in his fucking sauce.
Like a golden retriever getting out of a river.
He shook his body, and a pizza came out.
But I said, I'd be a bad friend if I didn't tell you,
that my best friends and I,
we think Ghostbusters is one of the best movies of all time.
Hey, you know what? He wanted to talk about Ghostbusters
all night long, and it was pretty cool.
Well, I'm sorry we made fun of how fat he is.
If he's listening.
He almost certainly is listening.
Big trouble? I didn't see big trouble.
Big trouble was, oh, that was a 2Z.
Was he just big in that one?
Well, no, I didn't see that movie,
but he looked like he could have had a fat suit on.
I mean, he was very, very big.
I think he's lost weight since then, right?
I don't know. These people don't even know who he is.
Oh, yeah, they're like, what? Dan Ackroyd.
What do you mean? Is he in the in-sync?
Yeah, he's Canadian. He's the in-sync.
Way to go, Harmon.
That was a real attempt to grab a current reference.
Who do you think is on the top of the charts like pop charts?
Who's on the top of the charts?
Nora Jones.
I don't know.
Tyler Perry.
Tyler Perry's revolver.
There's got to be a band that Tyler Perry owns, right?
Tyler Perry's...
Tyler Perry...
Flood Bunch?
And the...
Tyler Perry and the Funky Bunch.
I want to bring up a special guest.
I met her in the bar before we came up.
Here.
Have a drink.
Yeah. It's the cheese sticks and the altitude.
I'm sorry.
Certainly not the gallon of vodka.
Is JJ from Vienna here?
Slovenia.
Wait, she said she was from...
She came to Vienna?
She was in Vienna at some point.
Where is JJ?
JJ, can you make it to the stage?
She's got to be the one that drove the furthest.
She's from Europe.
She drove from Europe in a special ski car.
She's never been this high on a mountain.
Hello, JJ.
Good to see you again.
She's come to show us...
Are you independently wealthy?
How can you afford to keep flying out here from Europe to see these shows?
I think every time I was saved to go somewhere else to South America,
I wanted to go to Peru for a while.
Every time it ends up being one of your shows.
Well, we're like Peru. We're like Peru.
We have ayahuasca.
We'll get you high like Peru.
And you brought us lovely cookies backstage.
Those are awesome German little wafers and cookies and stuff.
Something else waiting for you, but that's after the show.
Everyone gets laid tonight.
It's a swinger show.
Leave your keys in the cheese basket.
We just put our keys in a deep fried cheese basket.
I'm with Dave.
I'm with Tony.
There's three women here.
Jay-Jay, what do you do?
I work at the British Embassy in Vienna.
The British Embassy in Vienna?
And you have that much free time to come see stupid comedy shows like ours?
No, I just took three days off in the weekend.
And you're with a friend too, right?
No, my friend couldn't make it.
She wanted to go down.
Sensory guards.
How many languages do you speak?
Four.
German.
Slovenian and French.
There was a French audience member here as well.
Oh, yeah?
Were you a parley herring?
Give us some Slovenian.
I don't know that I've ever heard Slovenian.
Say, come on down to Harmontown.
Turn that frown upside down.
P is yellow poop.
Could you sing our little hook in Slovenian?
Is that possible?
Oh, my God.
Alright.
International UK power mix.
Lady Gaga style.
I don't know what that means.
Just grabbing.
Okay, Dan, you want to lead her in?
Yo, yo, yo.
International, I'm irrational.
I'm international, national, international.
Motherfucker, gonna rap so hard.
Gonna drop the mic.
That's my style.
Chris Rock drops the mic.
Chris Tucker's another person.
The races are alike.
That makes me racist.
I didn't confuse them.
I love black people.
Take it, DJ.
We didn't ever Harmontown.
It's where he gives us mail.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
We didn't ever Harmontown.
Yo.
It's foreign language.
I'm going on the anguish.
I'm gonna go out in the crowd.
I'm international now.
So I'm rapping twice as loud.
Got the whole planet going full global.
Got your mama's cell phone
and her titties are mobile.
Got your AT&T
and your TT's on my sprint.
I'm gonna put it in her PP.
Wrapping more.
Just gonna wrap some more.
We didn't ever Harmontown.
It's where he gives us mail.
Yo.
We didn't ever Harmontown.
Yo, it's like fancy shit.
You're out on a patio
and Amsterdam and shit.
You've got sip and coffee
and you're held in funny money.
But it has pictures of people
you've never seen.
It's ridiculous.
We didn't ever Harmontown.
On your lost life.
And dope is never coming out.
Broke the roof.
You're out.
Make it sober.
Okay so now,
uh,
That ran some dammel.
Then I said
to my wife,
subscribe to her country.
I moaned about it.
I'm feeling tense. I need a massage. I fucked your mama in the house in her garage. Spencer's gonna come to the mic. I'm gonna hand it off cause he's who you like.
Yo, I got monsters in a cage and everybody sees me cause I'm all the rage and I don't mean rage like a barbarian rage. Let me get off this rhyme. Let me turn the page.
It's all I got. Let me see if I can try some more. Maybe I'll just sit up here and fry. I think that's all I got right now so we'll go to the chorus.
I fucked your mama so hard she said fabbless. Language is piss. It just comes out and runs that way in this. Nobody knows what any words mean. We all say what we say and then we see what we mean.
I ride with me with me. I'm doing a bad scene. I'm a bad person. I'm 40 years old and I'm a bleak cuisine. I don't want to be fat. I don't want to be an anchor. I don't want to get as big as that. I just want to ghost bust.
Who are you gonna call? I'm gonna call Ginny C Brynton. Where I take a diabetes fault and I look now at an eastbound woman. I'm Spock
I'm gonna call Chitty Crick too
Before I take a diabetes ball
I'm gonna run down to Eastbound
I'm gonna hide in a hide-and-seek
I'm gonna smug it
Thank you JJ
Thank you, Slovenian JJ
Slovenian JJ
Get away from me
Run and pull with pee
But is it D&D time I believe?
D&D time, I believe, yeah, let's do this thing
Alright, are you guys ready for some D&D?
Erin McGathy, join us on stage please
Erin McGathy
I think we're sharing a mic
Denver style
It's the altitude
The electricity doesn't get through
The cords is fast
Oh, thanks
You guys are great
I'm not pandering
You're backstage watching Gator Boys, right?
Yeah, you watching Gator Boys right there?
They sent me up in a nice little booth
And brought me tacos and drinks
And I've just been sitting back there like a king
My feet up on the chairs
They asked me to leave
But it's been a lot of fun
They asked you to leave?
I put my feet up on
Oh, got it
It's okay everybody
We should find you a stool
Or, here, you sit on this one
I feel weird
Well, we have to share a mic
We'll edit this part out where I'm talking about
The mic that we have to share
But then I won't edit it out
Because it'll have charm
How do you feel about us sharing a mic?
Great
Thanks for the day because I missed a bit
So, catch me up if you would
Last time we met
Our heroes had been journeying
In the belly of the beast
The mysterious and mythical
And finifish
After Sharpie found what looked like a lung
The group rejoined and entered through a large cavity
That quark had slashed in the side of the great organ
Entering the lung
A slimy creature had dropped in
From the ceiling onto the bottom of this chamber
Followed by several electrical spidery minions
After the dust of combat had settled
Sharpie, quark, and Mulraine were victorious
Hoping to damage the lung
With the smoke from their smoke sticks
Sharpie and Mulraine ignited them
As well as all their torches
And as the damage was being dealt
To the vicious lung
Quark destroyed the remnants
With his flaming sword
And together they all fell below
Back into the chamber before they had left
Ah, yeah
They had made some progress
But they proceed from here
Thank you, Spencer
Yeah, alright
Seems like now there's a big wrap start
Now he's phoning in his DMing
No, I just lost my place
In the writing, reading
He sounds like Don LaFontaine now
In a world
He's kicking back, he's Snoop-style now
I don't know
In a world, Louis
In a world
Don't try to pick a fight with Spencer
I need for my documentary
That I'm producing about myself
I need a death to happen
I need a conflict
Maybe you'll die in this
Round of D&D
Take some chances out there, miss
Yeah, have another cheese stick
Oh, shit
I was joking, honey
Baby, no
Baby
I'm at the ranch
Damn
See, I just put the cheese stick
On his face
Put the mozzarella
He's crying ranch tears right now
That is truly horrifying
You better, your eyelashes
Don't Instagram me!
That is fucked up
Wow, we
You have a problem, sir
No, don't, no!
No!
He just drank the ranch
Like a Yeager bomb
Here, table of enablers
Fuckin' hell
Can't say no
Anybody have one of those?
Thank you
Anybody have one of those Pulp Fiction
Adrenaline syringes that we can plunge into
later on?
Has anyone else gone so off a diet
that you start putting food
in places that doesn't go
to just ranch in your ears
You had ranch mascara on for a moment
That was wild
Oh boy
By the way, the shame of Jeff walking
into our hotel room earlier today
was palpable
When we opened the door
and you were standing there
I was scared because I knew it was
inside that room
Yeah, it looked like a city fucking dump
No, it did look like a city dump
I mean, there was a large collection of plates
There was plates and there was pizza boxes
and there was a
There's a lot of left
A skeletized lamb
There wasn't any ranch because it
certainly had drunk it all
Yeah
Don't let him hurt you
Don't make your
movie arc death an actual
death argument
Bad movie
This is going to be a long ride
on the bus today
Only one thing is going to make me feel better
Ice cream
What if we had ice cream
dancers come out
The show would stop
and you would eat ice cream
Okay, it's a show
Watching me eat ice cream could be the show
These people love me no matter what I do
They love me
I'm going to eat myself to death
in front of you
Wow
Somebody stop him
Fucking, we're going to go back to LA
and you're going to be just a big fat cunt
when you get out of there
It has
It has become a thing
I'm off my diet for seven days
That rebellion has become
a really aggressive violent thing
against your health and our children
I saw you putting some cheese sticks down
at Tobi Keith's
I love this barbecue across the way
Those are potato skins
That was zucchini
I ate the zucchini out of the fried
The healthy zucchini
with the fried in the wrench
Tobi Keith's
By the way, there's room over there
If you guys want to go to Tobi Keith's
What's the name of his bar?
Tobi Keith's
Fade in on me loving something
Cut to smash cut
Car chase
Dragon comes down from the sky
I love peanut butter and jelly sandwiches
Let's go to a bar tonight
Tobi Keith's a hubris bar in LA
Tobi Keith's I can't lose
Tobi Keith's 20 page name
for a bar
There's room for 4,000 people at that bar
We were the only three people in there
And the laminate sticker
that they used to make the drywall
that the bars made out of
look like wood
We were trying to figure out
Do people dance on the bars
That way people feel that
Boogieing up there and that's why all the laminates
That would be a cool reason
It's a honky tonk
We honkyed the tonk off the top of the bar
I asked the bartender
How does this happen?
She goes, I don't know, they just pick at it
They? The animals
That you are a zookeeper
They just pick at it
It's like something you'd hear to zoo
They just pick at it, I don't know
They think the tire is a swing
The giraffe's mistake
The rusty Jones sticker for a berry
That's why they're breaking the windows on your cars
Let's all go over there and see if we can pick off
like a great Harmontown
Does anybody have a chisel?
It's grody over there
It's a bummer
I expected more out of Tobi Keith
Really?
That name screams class
That guy's made a living out of supporting troops
Nothing more, there's a lobby
It's filled with pictures of him
supporting the troops, that's it
He's playing guitar in all these different forms of camouflage
In all these different cockadoodle douche bags
The fucking hate bag
He's so fucking full of his own shit
The fucking boo
Fuck you Tobi Keith, you're bigger than me
You can kick my ass but I will fucking
control your fucking shit
Hate it
Your real country music, that stuff is so fucking retarded
It's not good
Hate Tobi
Tobi
Who needs Tobi Keith?
What's your last name?
Jeff, I think you know more about Tobi Keith
than I do
If he was to walk into that bar
the same way that we walk into the bar
I know he would love it
With an empty, would he be like, well that's a Tuesday
Or like what would
his reaction be
I don't think he would walk into it
but I don't think he has any connection to this thing
I think it's a stupid corporate adventure
I would really like to hear Jeff's Tobi Keith
song, isn't there a country song on the iPad
Can you sing a song about Tobi Keith
Do Tobi Keith's commercial for
Jeff never sings an episode
Well I'm a big old badass dickhead
Kissing on the graves of Hank
and all the people that
sing country before
And I support the troops
What a bold fucking stance that is
I am a modern hero
Gonna put a flag on everything
Fuck you, iPad
Put a flag on everything
You can't just come out and go
I've been out there in Iraq
and going down to U.S. soot tours
and there's the troops, come on troops
Come on, troops everybody, troops
Tobi, Tobi, Tobi
No, troops?
Now you have agreed
You have agreed
I love this podcast
Tobi, someone calm Tobi
Tobi, you have agreed
to be the name behind
this bar and we have
asked you for months and months
what shall we name
this bar and grill
Tobi Keith's, I love this grill
Okay
I love it
I love troops and grills
Okay, but Tobi
Tobi keeps troops and grills
Tobi, that's not
so much a name
Grilled troops are half off
Okay, alright
Jared, his eyes are bleeding
We're just gonna call it back
The grilled troops
Grilled troops are delicious
because I love them, you have to support
a basket of delicious buffalo troops
It's hard to love a troop
Because
it's really, really hard
because there are people that might die
Yeah
It's not a bold stance, it doesn't mean
Who doesn't support the fucking troops?
Everybody supports the fucking troops
We love the troops, they're doing the greatest
shittiest, hardest job in the world
I'm not talking shit about the troops
You can't go on a cold beer and go
It's not interesting
conversation, Tobi, and your music stinks
and I'll fucking fight you right after this show
He's a great guy
He's a lovely gentleman
I'm just kidding, Tobi, we're old pals
While my friend is fighting you, could I just
one more order of potato skins?
They're really good, one more order of potato skins
Coming right up
A dupe, a dupe, a troop
A troop, a troop, a troop
Potato skins
Star-spangled french fries
Shitty hill
Billy music
I'll take a little potato skin
and I'll load him up with troops
I shit on Wayland's ending grave
yesterday just to prove a point
Come on down
Occupy your appetite
with a
AK-47 up
Occupy your appetite
as a Muslim
Got an Apache full of
french fries
Half-priced appetizers
Tobi, I love the troops
and I fucked your mom
And his bar is absolutely
empty across the street and that gives me
a fucking thrill to see that
Also, and while I'm saying this
yes, it's not a bold statement to go
all the time, yes, of course
Of course God bless America
What else is God going to bless? The Irish?
Where are they?
But also, I
Oh shit, there's an Irish guy?
We'll get to Jeremy Seinfeld, but I was going to say
it's not really in this audience
I'm also being a hypocrite, it's not a bold stance
to say fuck you Tobi Keith there
That's true too
I'm not Bill Hicks up here
You're the shadow that Tobi Keith casts
Tobi Keith is kind of a dick, right?
He writes songs about giving people
swirly's
You gotta write what you know
Tobi Keith
writes what he knows, we write what we know
I'm sure he's a great person
Alright, let's
proceed back
I like big and muscular at St. Country
There's something wrong, it's like Joe Piscopo
when he got big and muscular
You're not funny with giant biceps
I like Garth Brooks swinging around in a wire
I thought that was cool
He takes his job seriously
He's swinging around in a wire
Alright Spencer, I examine my surroundings
You're in a large circular room
The walls drip with a green mucus
Wait, this is Tobi Keith's place
The laminate is picked off the walls
The appetizers are
supportive of the troops
An air of silence in misery
Hays over this area
The salt and pepper shakers
are hand grenades
Jamouflage
Lines the bathrooms
French fries are called freedom freedoms
They say really quickly before I forget
that Dungeon Master Spencer and I
will be selling merch in that corner
after the show
T-shirts $15 or two for $25
And if you buy anything
I'll sign it, also I'll sign anything
if you don't buy anything
I'll sign a napkin, that's the Tobi Keith guarantee
I'm not gonna say
I'll sign a Tobi Keith, if you bring me a
kidnapped baby I'll sign it
Tobi Keith as a way of getting back at him
for holding the nation hostage
I would know a song of his
What song did he sign?
Anybody know Tobi Keith's song?
Red Solo Cup?
What a fucking cock
Yeah, wow, clever
Let me guess, can I guess?
I don't know
It's a guy that, because
the Red Party Cup is a solo
but he's solo tonight, the girl left him
so he's got the better song than he wrote
It's not even that complex
It's literally like, hey we're all at a party
and we're all at Red Solo Cups
So much, let's all drink
for my Red Solo Cups
Fucking Red Solo Cuppage
Sorry, I thought you were
Yeah, that is
heartbreaking
Anyway, I got a thin plastic
red vessel
holding on the beer
and I'm catering to
frat boys, the end
Let's shoot some deer
Alright, so let's play some
D&D for pity's sake
I could just leave, I mean
No, no, Spencer
Oh, Spencer
Maybe, Spencer
I mean, I don't mind, it's fine
Alright, well, I described
the room you were in
They're turning it up, the sound of this
It's like a Tobi Keith Houston song playing
Tobi Keith's upstairs
This is what I mean when I said I could leave
It's fine
No one can
The podcast won't be able to hear that
though, they won't know what we're talking about
There's like a slight, it's like
someone's iPhone is in the rafters
playing on speaker
Yeah
Right
I mean, they've been doing it for
80 minutes
That's how passive it is
It's a slow trickle
It's a trickle playoff
Now it's the sound of being
finifish
It's been a decomposer
You guys basically beat up the lungs, right?
You beat up some lungs
Are we in the stomach now?
You were in that room you were in before
with the three different passways
Sharpie took the left, you took the middle
and Mulrainee took the right
and then you magically decided to go back
to where Sharpie was
So you're in that room, obvious exits
north, south and east
and west will take you back to the village
Where have we not been before?
You've been through all of them
but you guys just caught back
up with Sharpie when you thought he was the lung
Are we still with that far sword guy
or he go away? He's still around
Yeah, he's hanging out
What's up guys, I'm Valicent the sword guy
You're Valicent
Alright, well let's go back to
We came through a lung door
so let's not go through that one
The one you were through had a hanging kidney
being shaped to organ if you'll recall
Right
I guess the kidneys, right?
I can't tell you
I rush headlong barbarian style
into the kidney
Rushing headlong through the passageway
you find yourself in a large pinkish room
which I'm about to explain
This passage has
a high ceiling from which is hanging
a large shiny veined looking
sack of flesh in the shape of a kidney bean
and several arteries run from
various walls into the dangling organ
and a huge central cord seems to be
its main support coming in from the ceiling
You can see what appear to be large
white blue sparks with multiple limbs
slowly crawling around the surface of the organ
A greenish tangle of cords
appears to be blocking the only other exit
Dun dun dun
These spark things usually spider things
that repair everything and also will attack us
when we start fucking around
Alright, so we want to attack that main cord
that's holding it up there, right?
Probably
Okay, Valisette, use your far sword
and take a swipe with that cord
I don't know if you remember, but my far sword's all used up
I wasn't there, man
You were there, you just forgot
Oh
Sorry
I unsheathed my arrows
I showed them to Quark as they were like, hey
Remember? I got it
How could I forget?
I fire a single
good arrow
At the thing
At the kidney bean?
Yup
You miss
By the way, there was a dude, did you talk to the dude
who made props?
He made a mole rain arrow
It's a double arrow
I'm gonna be holding it
Maybe it will make me better
He's coming up
He made a thing
What's your name, sir?
Luke
Luke likes to make little props
This is
She fires two arrows
I made two arrows
On the heads of the arrows are four-sided dice
The most dangerous of all dice
And you also made
what I thought was a joke about
putting a Sharpie in my butt
It's a wand
Made out of Sharpies
That does
Ray of Frost way better than Ray of Frost
Alright, great
Thank you, was it Luke?
Thank you, Luke
I cast a spell of
thanking him
How far above the ground is this
kidney thing hanging?
I'd say it's about ten feet above your heads
I jump onto
Sharpie's shoulders and take out my flaming sword
and take a swipe at the underbelly of the kidney
Slashing at the underbelly
you score a flaming hit
Fuck yeah
Just as soon as the gash
has been made, however, the spidery creatures
I was mentioning earlier
crawl over the surface of the organ
So we gotta kill those things first, then, right?
Probably
Yeah, like AIDS
You want us to give you beneficial AIDS?
Um, I
Fuck it
I don't have AIDS
Me fucking it doesn't give an AIDS
That's not how AIDS works
Spencer, do I have AIDS? No
Do I have a spell that would work
on organisms like that?
Like these sparky things?
Sharp person wouldn't work on that
Definitely not, sharp person
You could probably rule out illusions
Hypnotism will work on them
That'd be an illusion
I don't have the power to summon animals
Can I summon an AIDS monkey?
An AIDS monkey?
Can I summon some sort of like
I should clarify, you don't have the power
to summon things, just talk to them
So if there's a squirrel around and you're like
Yo, is there a squirrel around?
I look around for AIDS ridden animals
Suspiciously, all AIDS
ridden animals are absent
How convenient
Can I shoot two arrows
at the kidney?
You definitely could
Wait, is that what I want to do?
I'm sorry?
Oh, that's okay
Thanks hat brothers
I would like to shoot two arrows
at the stem connecting the kidney
What kind of arrows?
I mean, the smart
Yeah, the arrows, thank you Stephen
The V arrows
One of your arrows misses
its mark planting itself right in the wall
to your left and the other one strikes
in a critical fashion
Alright
Scoot
This is really cool
Dealing 20 damage
Alright, that's like a million
in Dungeons & Dragons
You notice one of the sparks
goes to begin repairing the organ
The other three drop to the ground
and begin hovering towards you with menace
I throw
a throwing knife
at the spark
trying to repair the wound
As you throw your throwing knife
you feel a great shock of electricity
flowing through your body
Let's see if you can still hit under this increased
I should have attacked the immediate bridge
Perhaps
Your knife plants itself
right in the back of the spidery creature
and it takes
how many damage
to pull five damage
That's a lot for a spider, right?
At the same time
It's not bad for a spider, but we're talking
lightning spiders, bro
At the same time
the electric bolt I mentioned earlier
coursing through your system deals
eight damage to you
That's nothing
You feel quite a jolted
by that
There you go
At
At what?
Scorching rate
At the stem
connected to the kidney
At the damaged stem
you miss
The scorching ray
flies into the wall and immediately
blackens the surface
but quickly gory generates back to its
former glory
I climb back up on Sharpie's shoulders
I grab my emerald dagger and just jam it
right up in the thing
Right up in the
Do kidneys have butts?
There's a crease somewhere
I put it in the kidney crease
Sliding your dagger
directly into the crease
of what we're considering a kidney
for the purposes of this exercise
A burst of brilliant green light
flows out
The kidney starts glowing with an intense
bright light and it's not long before
shimmering rays of light
are blasting out of the surface of the kidney
You can see all the spiders
are frantically trying to heal
what damage is being done
but at the same time they can't keep up
Soon you're covered in a shower of giblets
as this kidney explodes
Ghiblet shower
For the next half hour
Ghiblet showers
25 cents
Thanks for coming to Tobi Keys
I love Ghiblet showers and grill
Two for one
Ghiblet showers are happening at the back of the bar
You can peel off the lacquer and eat it
Lion dancing is coming up
Hoochie-goochie till you spoochie-doochie
We're going to play
footage of weapons tests
on the video wall
Alright
Did we kill this thing?
Just pray for another war
We're just going to get down on our knees
and just pray for war
The organ is exploded
but your actions have pissed off
those things I was talking about
and they shoot lightning towards you
The giblets aren't harmful
The giblets are just embarrassing
and gross
I shoot two sleep arrows
But not before taking
12 lightning damage
Everyone
Spencer, are we okay?
I don't know, how much HP do you have?
How much more do I have?
HP, that thing that tracks how dead you are
I shouldn't really teach you guys
how to play this at some point
I didn't know hit points were called HP
I thought that was a sauce you put on French fries
and a pub
Well, you do that too
I have 27 HP
Damn, what?
Damn, well now you have 15
Hi, Spencer, I thought we were friends
You can get hurt and be friends
No, it's okay, it really seems like
we're not friends right now
I go into a rage
a barbarian rage
and I start spinning
faster and faster and faster
and I punch myself with my sword attack
into the thing and try to take out as many
lightning spiders as I can
Alright, let's see here
I'm going to call that an advanced
cleave action
Yeah, that's what I call it
You mean an ACA?
Yeah, I could have said
I could have told you I want to do an ACA
but these fuckers, they wouldn't have known
Man, I like your pollen head shake
Thanks, Aaron
Swinging your sword
in a circular fashion
You strike the first spider
Spiders everywhere
Jeff, you're millering, you're millering
Sorry cha-cha
You only
managed to deal 8 to the spider
but as it was already wounded
from your earlier dagger it falls
to the ground and dissipates into white energy
What the kidney does?
The kidney?
Now the kidneys are exploded
Yeah
I feel bad for killing a spider
I was in Charlotte's web, you know
It says crunchy
I'd put it at Mulraine's turn
Mulraine, you're up
Do a thing
I like vagueness
I'm going to take two of my V arrows
Nice
I'm going to shoot them
The best to shoot at
You picked the best of three identical enemies
to fire at
and firing two arrows
I see some of that lightning creatures
Yeah, those are the ones who are fighting
Firing them directly at the lightning creatures
both of your arrows make their mark
dealing
and
11 damage apiece
The spiders are wounded
They scuttle up the ceiling
and dissipate in the ceiling
Yay
They dissipate
Kidney beaters
Who wants giblets?
Vellison pipes up
He's like, yeah, I make sandwiches out of this shit, man
I'll take a giblet sandwich
Hell yeah, let me get my bread of holding
It's just regular bread
Yeah
Last delicious mustard
Nice
It's spicily effective
Alright, well, that seems like a
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think it's a good place
to stop
We're two thirds through
the infinite fish
Come see us at the merch table
We have a limited amount of time
Erin McGathy, everybody
Spencer Crinton
Just in case
Thank you, Luke, for my sharpie wand
Do you see it fits snugly into the mic stand?
Yeah, it would work perfectly
for, you know
There's another
Jeff, I think before everyone
dies, everyone needs to have a podcast where they
tell people they put something in their butt
and then have people come to the show
with things that they put in their butt
and give up to them
Yeah, you make that thing vibrate
I don't have sex to either
It's just a wonderful,
goddamn dream that I'm living
Turn 40, I came across the country
I crowdsurfed in Brooklyn
And now we're at the top of the country
The top of it, a mile above sea level
looking down through the clouds
Are we the highest point in the country?
No
Highest capital
Stretching for a record
You know what I like though?
It's a relief to be in a city where
there's so many states where you go
It's not the capital, but
it's the biggest city
I feel like we didn't want to get to know Denver
all that well tonight, we were kind of doing our own thing up here
We're going to fix that right now
It's time to...
I want to know who's hurting the most
I really mean that, who had the worst day?
Okay
He's kind of uncertain about it
What's your name? My name is Keller
Keller? Okay, is that why?
Dan
He's hurting, I'm sorry
It was an easy joke
There's a funny story about that
I was at a party with someone from
Switzerland
And she asked me
Is your name really Keller?
Yeah, she's like
You know that means basement, right?
Basement?
Like cellar? Exactly
Dirty, underground, shameful
It's a sad name
Sad, creepy, skeevy
name
So what happened?
What happened? What happened?
Why are you having a bad day?
It's kind of just the
Well for one it's been
like 65 years
which is a
strange thing to bitch about
It's really nice weather
It's the end of January
I don't understand
You're worried about global warming
The weather's weird, that's why
Are you a scientist?
Yeah, I was an English major
Okay, so what's depressing about it being
65?
It's not typical
Forget that, it was a lame thing to be upset about
What's the deeper trouble though
of little things like that
I'm not joking, if little things like that bother you
like what's
Please
Please, we checked this lady over here
because she's been very vocal
What is your name miss?
Lexie
What does that mean in Swiss?
It means worst friend ever, you've been really
You're really heckling your friend
We show up the same
We dress the same at parties
We show up at parties wearing the same outfit
And that's why I'm upset
Alright, come on guys
Okay, you're a poetry major
You got a degree in poetry
Your name is
Lex Luthor
What's it?
Keller Keller
And it's warm outside
Today was a bad day because
Lexie
Pipe it
So it's basically
My issue is
I
Not that I lack direction in life
Everybody, I'm sorry
I'm sorry audience
I
It's okay, I do the same thing you're doing
for 90 minutes
And I charge them
20 dollars
So I was a creative writing major
not a poetry major
Please
I want to tell stories to people for a living
but I have no idea how to go about that
We're going to help you with that right now
Fuck me, awesome
Alright, Keller to the stage
We're going to give you the gift of storytelling
We're going to make a story
We're going pretty long here
We're going to make this very quick
This is how we're going to end
I didn't ask him to come up
I said we're going to help you with that right now
Then you said come up
I just think it's better to have an episode
We can all get a look at them
Yeah, yeah, well look at them folks
Alright, Keller
Let's see here
You're struggling with how to tell a story
In like what?
What's your work that you're supposed to produce
for your class
You want to be a writer
A novelist, a screenwriter
What do you want to be?
My aspiration is to write comics
First of all
I'm a shitty fucking artist
Second, no
It's just the truth
More people need to admit that really
Coming from the world of comics
It's a heroic of you to say
I draw badly
So I want to do that
Denver isn't a good publishing
place
I'm from Fort Collins
Does someone say fuck Fort Collins?
Lexie calm the fuck down
Holy shit
Take it easy baby
Take it easy Lexie
We said who had a terrible day
Keller raised his hand
I think Lexie had a worse one
I think the reason for Keller's bad day
is Lexie
Where did you drive here from?
From Fort Collins
With Lexie in the backseat?
She's like
That's a dumb gas station girl
Everyone tears on fire
Just kidding
Don't you intend to free mine?
I'm desperately trying to figure out
how to turn a conversation with you
into a hilarious improvised bit
That's my math on the table
So you write comics
You're from Fort Collins
You're in Denver
You write comics
You're bad at drawing
And you're looking for a story so good
that it would make a great comic book
I always
So what's your favorite
thing ever?
Bananas
What was your mom's name?
Samantha?
Alias Bun made up name
What's your mom's name?
Ellen
That means attic
And you
And your favorite movie?
Ah, fuck
Just a favorite movie
American Astronaut
What? Okay
Alright, tell her everybody
American Astronaut is his favorite movie
He's a comic artist
He's looking for the perfect story
His name means seller
And here is his biopic
Bananas
Catch your bananas
I really like one of those bananas
Alright
These aren't regular bananas
These bananas will give you everything
you possibly could want
But it comes at a terrible, terrible price
I just want to have the banana
Can I explain something to you?
I'm a writer
I don't
I'm a banana salesman
I still mythical bananas
I don't have all day to talk with people like this
I'll take three of them
Okay
That'll be four dollars
There you go
I'm going back to my basement
where I live
Remember, Keller
I named you basement
So you would never get ahead in life
Oh
Oh you bitch
Ellen
Alright
I gotta try to draw this comic book
Stupid
Holy stupid
Lexi
I didn't know you were down here
I'm trying to draw a comic book
Oh Lexi, honestly
You insinuate yourself into my life
Oh god
She's dead
Oh god, there's a dart in her neck
Oh god, it's a ninja dart
Yes, a banana man came back
Yes, I told you those were cursed
Everyone that you love will die
within 35 seconds of meeting them
Because you shot her with a banana dart
Right
Is it a curse or do you just kill people
that are your customers
It's my curse, I'm a murderer
It's a good story material, buh-bye
It is good story material
I hate to be ghoulish
but I've never had a better idea
Oh, maybe I could stop trying
to draw things and just write an idea
I'm a ghost of Lexi
Lexi, you dying is the best thing
that's ever happened to you
I'm going to Comic Con
No, you can't
That's stupid, it's stupid, you can't do it
It's not about everything
It doesn't matter
She got killed by a ghost
Even they hated a ghost world
Banana man could kill ghosts too
Three months later
at Comic Con
So you see, my idea is about a girl
who gets shot by a ghost dart
and I have
an indistinguishable accent
It's part Austrian
part Asperger's
I put it all
into my work and it's crazy
It's just 65 degrees today
and it just drove me nuts
So I'm hoping that you will buy this
a Stan Lee
I like it, kid
Excelsior
It's in the way
that she uses
credits
What did she do
Next to the credits
No, a dart went in your neck
I don't know what I'm going to fool
Fool, I mean do
Let's poop it
Lexi, okay
Thank you everybody
That was Keller's Movie
Keller's Story
Keller's Biopic
That was entitled
The Final Panel
There's a deleted scene
that involves an astronaut man
or whatever his favorite movie
is some fucked up Swedish film
No one gives a shit about it
Alright, why don't you watch Die Hard
for once in your life
Harry Potter 3, look it up
I like the American Astronaut
That's my weather fucks with you because it's normal
You're separating yourself
from everything normal
It's 65 degrees, it makes my skin itch
It's normal
I hate when it gets hot again in a lake
I like to wear suits and I like the chilly weather
I like sweater weather, now it's getting hot again
so you're screwed, right?
That's what you're saying
Please tell me you all live together
in one apartment
It's kind of like Shallow Grave
It's like some indie movie
They all find a case of heroin
and they're all poetry majors
and they just end up all dead at the end
I think Mission Accomplished
we dove that in the audience
I think we really get the real taste
of Denver from that
A little bell pepper, a little ham
Yeah, I think
everyone else in the audience is like
yeah, I'm glad you talked to Keller and Lexi
I wish
I was hoping you would talk to me
but that's pretty much part of the course
Denver, it's the altitude
It'll get you
You played the guitar in Nashville and you talked to Keller
and Lexi
Alright Harmon, I think it's time to bring this train
right into the stage and talk about what we learned
It's so sad
Sad? I don't want to leave Denver
I don't want to leave here either
We have to get on the bus right after we leave
We can stay and drink for a little bit
I don't get to see the town at all
Believe me, we'd stay here forever
But you know we can't
Hide your cheese sticks everybody
When your city is high, you just roll downtown to go to Harvett town
And Tato's kids make me fart
So I'm walking it around the room
Crap, dusting it like baby from a wolf
And Harvett town
I'm hoping that if I keep walking
The little trail behind
And I'm sorry if it gets in your nose
But in Denver that's how it goes
And I hope the altitude
Makes the dudes not smell it
But I'm sorry that I'm singing about hearts
I should be singing about hearts
I should be singing about omelets
And lexer and schooly
Whatever your names were
Weird hipsters
I don't know about Dave and his cheese sticks
And Kelsey and her kite
I'm now making shit up
You're a great city
You're the best city in the entire country
You're so good
I'm gonna change your name to Harvett town
And we're gonna go to the mountains
We're gonna secede from the union soon
We're gonna fuck this country
And fuck Toby Keith in the eye
Fuck that guy
His drinks are overpriced
Margaritas don't even taste that nice
He puts too much salt on the rim
That drives me nuts
Fuck you, Toby Keith
In your butts
Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho
This fuck confuses structural tweak or two
Harvett town
Where he is yellow and the poop is brown
I butt you in my mind
Harvett town
Look at Raquel tip her ass
as she's got nice hair.
Thank you so much, Jen for improv.
Thank you.
Come on, sir. Come on, sir.
Thank you, Ryan, Adam, Jude, Stephen, I'm proud.
Come on, sir.
Oh, shit.
You had too many cheese sticks, man.
Come on, sir.
God damn it.
It's the altitude.
Oh, shit.
It touched me.
Actually, get on here.
Come on, Alex.
Bend your hand.
Come on, come on, sir.
Here we go.
I'm over one mile above sea level.
I'm 5,283 feet up.
God, sir, thank you.
God, sir, thank you for coming here.
Oh, God.
My ass is in a plate of calamari.
Oh, shit.
Oh, fuck.
Rob Schneider's here next week, folks.
Thank you, JJ, for coming up and bringing us back in.
Thank you, Luke, for the air.
Thank you.
Thank you, guys.
It was coloring.
Coloring Lexi.
Whoa.
Dan Murray.
One more time for Spencer, everybody.
Here at the Cafe, I'm Jeff Davis.
One more time in the mayor of Harmontown.
He made it through.
He did this elevation.
Dan Harmon.
Jeff Davis returns as Comptroller.
I'm sure he ate so much this month.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Hello.
Really?
Yes.
you
secret track, the secret hidden track
secret hidden track
it faded down and now if you're listening to night tunes and you left it playing maybe you'll hear this
I am so racist
just hate, I hate all races
white people included
and I hate, I hate, I hate all children
especially racial children
and what'd you say lady?
what'd you say?
nothing ever sounds cool when you have to say it the third time but what
what? all retail customers
P.J. Augustus first
that's a secret password
if you repeat it and throw the keys you get a free flag and a grenade shaped pencil holder
that was the secret track
secret track
the value is in its secrecy
there is no value beyond its own secrecy
you just listen to it and you just go oh I'm listening to something that's secret
you don't get anything more than that
okay one more thing
I have buried a million dollars somewhere in North America
it's beneath three palm trees there's a QR code in the next commercial for the third season
of NBC's Kate and Ben
I think that's a fox show and I think it's called Ben and Kate
during one of the commercials you'll see a QR code a rabbit will be fucking a balloon
and there's a QR, if you take a QR scanner and scan it in
you'll be able to follow, there's a treasure, there's a million dollars
I swear to God you can sue me if I'm lying
someone in this room will win a million dollars in cash, tax-free
there's blood on it
and the blood will link you to a currently unknown little-known unsolved child murder
that you'll be hearing about this week in the news
it's going to be amazing
we have arranged everything
good luck, enjoy your money and death to children